# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
adlfs==2024.4.1
    # via flytekit
aiobotocore==2.12.3
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   fsspec
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.16.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.19.1
    # via adlfs
backports-tarfile==1.1.1
    # via jaraco-context
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
botocore==1.34.69
    # via aiobotocore
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   flytekitplugins-kfpytorch
colorama==0.4.6
    # via pretty-errors
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via flytekit
croniter==2.0.5
    # via flytekit
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.5.9
    # via flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via gcsfs
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via flytekit
docker==6.1.3
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via flytekit
filelock==3.14.0
    # via torch
flyteidl==1.12.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   flytekitplugins-kfpytorch
flytekit==1.11.0
    # via flytekitplugins-kfpytorch
flytekitplugins-kfpytorch==1.12.0
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
gcsfs==2024.3.1
    # via flytekit
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.16.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.2
    # via flytekit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   flytekit
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.1
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via flytekit
jsonpickle==3.0.4
    # via flytekit
keyring==25.2.0
    # via flytekit
kubernetes==29.0.0
lightning==2.2.4
lightning-utilities==0.11.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   flytekit
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
mashumaro==3.13
    # via flytekit
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.28.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.1.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   msal-extensions
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
pillow==10.3.0
    # via torchvision
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via msal-extensions
pretty-errors==1.2.25
    # via torchmetrics
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via flyteidl
pyarrow==16.0.0
    # via flytekit
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via msal
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   kubernetes
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytorch-lightning==2.2.4
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.1
    # via croniter
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   msal
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.8.1
    # via flytekit
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3fs==2024.3.1
    # via flytekit
setuptools==69.5.1
    # via lightning-utilities
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
torch==2.2.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics==1.4.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.17.1
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   flytekit
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mashumaro
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich-click
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aiobotocore
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
