#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-macos
    #   tensorflow-metadata
array-record==0.4.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
arrow==1.2.3
    # via cookiecutter
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-macos
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorflow-datasets
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via flytekit
cookiecutter==2.3.0
    # via flytekit
croniter==1.4.1
    # via flytekit
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via pyopenssl
dataclasses-json==0.5.14
    # via flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via flytekit
diskcache==5.6.1
    # via flytekit
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via tensorflow-datasets
docker==6.1.3
    # via flytekit
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via flytekit
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via flytekit
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.4.1
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-macos
flyteidl==1.2.11
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   flytekitplugins-kftensorflow
flytekit==1.2.7
    # via flytekitplugins-kftensorflow
flytekitplugins-kftensorflow==1.2.17
    # via -r requirements.in
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
googleapis-common-protos==1.60.0
    # via
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.48.2
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via flytekit
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   keyring
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via etils
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via cookiecutter
joblib==1.3.2
    # via flytekit
keras==2.13.1
    # via tensorflow-macos
keyring==24.2.0
    # via flytekit
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow-macos
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via flytekit
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
natsort==8.4.0
    # via flytekit
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   etils
    #   flytekit
    #   h5py
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-macos
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   docker
    #   marshmallow
    #   tensorflow-macos
pandas==1.5.3
    # via flytekit
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-macos
    #   tensorflow-metadata
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via flyteidl
psutil==5.9.5
    # via tensorflow-datasets
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via flytekit
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via rich
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via flytekit
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via flytekit
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via flytekit
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   responses
regex==2023.8.8
    # via docker-image-py
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
responses==0.23.3
    # via flytekit
retry==0.9.2
    # via flytekit
rich==13.5.2
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-macos
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via flytekit
statsd==3.3.0
    # via flytekit
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorflow-macos==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-macos
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via tensorflow-datasets
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.11
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorflow-macos
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   docker
    #   flytekit
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
    #   responses
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.3.6
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-macos
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
